here's you have acute appendicitis
unfortunately we suspect that your
appendix is ruptured but we've scheduled
you for emergency surgery so hang in
there good hands no complications with
your surgery
this is an experimental facility they
cut out my tongue and now you're talking
to me it grew back
we have unconventional healing methods
Erin but I'm not at liberty to discuss
that
what is that healing serum
I'm looking for the exit where's the
exit exit I think they're harvesting
test the subjects or what can you tell
me about this man where did you get
these lectures I know you better than
you think we found 10 pounds of hearing
integrity on the nexus body
[Music]
I want you to forget all this I beg you
to forget it
[Music]
you